a model that is mine pardon and everything
sabine barnérias ah no sorry I do not
am not sabine barnérias but all
the three of us were still part of
same club
I was talking about the club of old
by antoine doinel
I am his wife finally the old very
sleep well like that i'm going to sleep in
the football with you will sleep in the bed
and all that will be fine but I do not
can not sleep in the same room as
O thou
but he committed suicide there an hour ago
I want to try to defend him
and I would like to know what is
pass it's too easy to do
anything and then apologize after
and as I hate to suffer then
I decided that we earn more that
am I wrong in imagining that
you come here in charge of mission me
also but me it for my
account
it seems to me that if antoine can
retrieve these documents do not ask me
more explanations and then you have to
absolutely find the picture
it's antoine doinel has not changed
this one he runs he runs always but
where I am completely completely
mobilized by you was stallone himself
sold antoine managed to me
feel guilty retrospectively listen so
you take me for once parked takagi to
old man or so you pay me at each
once we make love then they
were so moved also moved
that he immediately slept with her
times are difficult antoine then
like a lot of families are not too much
badly done I defend myself at night in the
wagon beds this is my specialty top 10%
controllers